Q: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A: When you initialize a repository, a folder named .git is created. This
folder contains all the metadata needed by Git for the version control. 
This step is needed to be able to track changes on files with Git.

Q: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?
A: The staging area is a layer between the working directory and the
repository. There is where we place the files before the commit. Thus, it 
makes easier to respect the rule of one single commit per logical change.

Q: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
logical change? 
A: We can add to the staging area only the files related with the logical
change. Additionally we can compare the files in the staging area with the
ones in repository using the command 'git diff --staged' before the commit.

Q: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
history organized? How would branches help?
A: The use of branches can help to implement experimental features. Thus,
you leave the master branch intact and your project is always ready to show.

Q: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
A: The diagrams shows at which point the branch was created, and all the 
commits related to each branch. It can help to realize which changes were
introduced in each branch.

Q: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent
it in the diagram the way we do?
A: By merging two branches we can combine in a new commit all the changes
introduced by both branches. This is represented in the diagram as having
two parents, the last commit of each branch. 

Q: What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing
merges manually
A: Automatic merging can save us time. Howerer, this can lead to
inconsistencies in the code. In these cases, it is important to let the
users to decide which is the best way to solve the merge.